docs: agent lab ai studio (#485)
hashgraph/hedera-docs: hedera/open-source-solutions/ai-studio-on-hedera/agent-lab.mdx

          stroke="currentColor"
          strokeWidth="1.8"
          strokeLinejoin="round"
        />
        <path
          d="M7.2 18.4L9 16.6"
          stroke="currentColor"
          strokeWidth="1.8"
          strokeLinecap="round"
        />
      </svg>
      <span className="text-base text-gray-1000 dark:text-gray-100">
        Agent Builder
      </span>
    </div>
    <p className="mt-2 mb-0 text-sm text-gray-700 dark:text-gray-300">
      Quick no-code configuration for your Hedera AI Agent.
    </p>
  </a>
</div>

## Overview

Agent Lab is an interactive development environment within the [Hedera Developer Portal](https://portal.hedera.com) for visually designing, building, and testing AI agents powered by the [Hedera Agent Kit](https://docs.hedera.com/hedera/open-source-solutions/ai-studio-on-hedera/hedera-agent-kit). It is accessible on the [**Hedera Portal under the Agent Lab tab**](https://portal.hedera.com/agent-lab).

![Agent Lab Overview](/images/ai-studio/agent-lab-01.png)

> Agent Lab provides a guided path from no-code experimentation to and the ability to **export your agent code** enabling rapid agent prototyping prototype quickly and developers who want a working starting point they can customize and deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agent Lab provides a guided path from no-code experimentation to exporting your agent code, enabling developers to prototype quickly and providing a working starting point they can customize and deploy.
```

The tool provides different ways to build and interact with the agent:

- Use the **Agent Builder** to configure your agent with no code.
- Low-Code Mode provides **Agent Mode, Framework,** and **Plugin selection** buttons that enable you to choose and configure the basics for your Hedera Agent as the code is built for you.

> - The **Advanced Mode** toggle enables you to edit the code directly, with the help of an AI Assistance on the right hand side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Advanced Mode** toggle enables you to edit the code directly, with the help of an AI Assistant on the right-hand side.
```

> - Run your agent in the terminal at the bottom of the screen, or interact with the **Run Agent** to get a previous of what your Hedera Agent will look like for end users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run your agent in the terminal at the bottom of the screen, or interact with the **Run Agent** to get a preview of what your Hedera Agent will look like for end users.
```

- **Agent Mode** - Choose how your agent operates and interprets prompts _Autonomous Mode_ or _Human-in-the-Loop Mode_. With human-in-the-loop mode, users will have to sign every transction before execution, and if you are building an agentic application, you will need to integrate with a wallet.

### Step 2: Code — The Code Editor
The code editor is the central workspace in Agent Lab. It opens automatically after the wizard, or directly when you click the **Agent Lab** tab.

Within the code editor, you can build your agent in different ways, chat with your agent when you run it in the terminal below, switch to Advanced Mode, switch to Chat and Agent Builder views, and Download your agent code.
![Agent Coding](/images/ai-studio/agent-lab-06.png)

The code editor has three panels:
 
- **Left sidebar** — Toggle plugins, frameworks, and agent controls
- **Center panel** — The Monaco-based code editor (the same engine that powers VS Code) showing your generated TypeScript agent code
- **Right panel** — The AI coding assistant (available in Advanced Mode)

> Below the center panel is an **Terminal** showing the agent chat, compilation results and agent runtime logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the center panel is a **Terminal** showing the agent chat, compilation results and agent runtime logs.
```
